# Personalized-Restaurant-Recommendation-System

There are many times that you wonder where to eat. This particular AI expert system helps you to decide where to eat by suggesting a restaurant(s) after asking you a few questions. The expert system starts off by asking your name. This is meant to create your personal profile. The creation of personal profile is not included in this prototype. Basically a completely developed application of this prototype would include a user log in and then asking him/her questions that help us to evaluate the recommendations. The questions are asked every time the expert system is run as it asses what the user feels like eating at that particular time. The expert system also includes questions asking what the user’s budget constraints would be and whether he/she would like to dine in or get a take out.

##The structure of knowledge base – 
	
  The knowledge base is structured using 4 templates – 

###•	Questions: have all the questions to be asked to the user stored in the memory.
The slots are –

o	Text

o	Type

o	ident

###•	Answers: records the answers given by the user for the questions asked
The slots are –

o	Ident

o	Text

###•	Recommendation: has the recommendations generated by the expert system
The slots are –

o	Form

o	Explanation




##The entire expert system is designed in four main modules – 

	Module startup –

This module is the first module that runs on execution of the expert system. This module prints out a banner welcoming the user, taking the user’s details and also it informs the user as to what the expert system does.


	Module Interview – 

This module is meant to interview the user about his preferences. This module asks questions like what cuisse the user wishes to have, what his budget and other questions which helps the system to make a decision and recommend the restaurants.


	Module Recommend – 

This module makes decisions based on the user’s inputs as to which restaurants would be best suited for the user’s choice. This is the main decisive mode of this expert system


	Module Report –

This module reports the systems decision to the user.
